Update proposals-CG-WG.md (#3)
w3c-fedid/Administration: proposals-CG-WG.md

    * A specific proposal under consideration (with varying degrees of specificity, e.g. from code samples to a spec PR)
    * Alternatives considered
    * Known Issues filed
    * Browser and developer implementation experience (e.g. a prototype, dev trials, origin trials, etc) 

>     * Evidence of developer demand and product market fit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Evidence of developer demand and fitness for purpose
```
